Before I go into this as well,
maintenance, the other piece of this I
want to consider, which we have a little
bit of time to discuss is regarding
the implementation of conventions on
continuous integration pipelines.
And so I'll make sure that later on
when the slides are pushed to the repo,
this will be included.
So the idea here with
continuous integration, right,
cuz we talked about automation
with implementation.
So, when it comes to continuous
integration, what we talked a lot about
here, there are three main points
with continuous integration.
There is basically the pre-commit hook,
where the developer is committing code,
there is the pull request step where
tests are being run just to make
sure that things aren't breaking.
And then there is the final continuous
integration step where things are being
released to production, those are the
three main categories to think about
when you're thinking of
continuous integration.
The reason why it's important to
distinguish between these three,
is because it will determine how much time
you should be spending on each one or
allowing it to increase.
And so,
as we sort of mentioned earlier, right?
With the Pareto effect and
keeping to that 20% to 80% impact rule,
most of the time when you're committing
code, you need to be able to basically
make sure all the basic linting and
all the things we're talking about here,
that all of these things are consistent,
we wanna get rid of that crust.
And then once that's done, right?
You can theoretically then consider
adding some tests to the commit pre-hook,
but in my experience, unless you're
able to keep your unit tests for
whatever changes are being
made to basically a minimum.
Like basically it should
run really quickly so
that developers don't feel like they can
walk out and go get a cup of coffee and
then come back for the test to run,
that is the key thing for
the success of integrating any convention
inside of that pre-commit stage.
And so as long as user can commit and call
it within 30 seconds, I'd say, like it's
a good baseline that everything's done or
to be honest, probably even less, then
this is good, this is stage one of your
implementation process for conventions.
When you get to the pull request section,
one of the traditional mistakes that's
made with continuous integration,
is you try to test everything, right?
And so what you ultimately get is,
a really long review process, and
this is extremely costly because what this
means is, especially with time zones,
you lose development cycles.
Imagine if the developer pushes something
to their pull request, and then it takes,
let's call it,
30 minutes to run the test, but
they've already switched
contexts at this point.
Cuz people aren't just sitting there
waiting for their PRs to pass, right?
They've moved on.
And so they might not discover that the
tests have failed until, an hour, an hour
and a half later, and then this means that
then when they need to fix the thing,
they now need to then push and
then wait that whole cycle again or and
if you have any locally You still
have to wait for that to work.
Again, at each stage, we are trying to
still keep things fast enough that we
focus on the important thing which is,
one, the review and then two,
moving it forward.
So the kind of tests that are generally
recommended at this sort of pull request
stage is to focus on tests that only
impact the feature that has been changed.
So, if you have changed
the shopping cart component,
that then the appropriate unit tests,
or enchanters for that matter, or
in this case, probably unit tests
are probably the best ones,
are in any dependencies that
are on this shopping cart.
You wanna make sure those are run,
because obviously that's what you need
to actually automate and test out.
But then if you're trying to
test everything else at once,
I think that is where
the mistake is often made.
So scoping your test down to what's
relevant to the PR is really important for
ensuring that people can trust the PR
process and basically move things forward.
Now, as you probably might have guessed,
when it comes to pushing to production,
this is the time where now you're
gonna want to go ahead and run it all.
And so one way you can try to mitigate
this is because a lot of people would say,
well, this doesn't necessarily work
well for my organization because,
sometimes, we need to push something,
it needs to go to production,
and if we have to wait all this time,
this is not good.
And so what often a lot of best practice
for a lot of organizations they do,
is they'll basically have a,
call it a either a staging or
a dev branch that contains what should
eventually go to production, and
that's what's basically running
the entire suite of end to end tests.
But that's being run separately from
everyone else's development workflow.
So that that way at least by the time
they context switch, if someone did break
something on the dev branch, for
example, then they can go in and
fix it accordingly and
we can figure it out the trace path for
figuring out what went
wrong is a lot easier.
And so that is one way to sort of mitigate
having that entire test suite take up
a lot of time for deployment,
is to have that run on a separate branch,
sort of as a, call it a test run, and
make sure everything runs smoothly.
Cuz the last thing you want when you're
supposed to push a new feature out is
to find out there was this one random test
that failed because of xyz dependency.
And so those are the three main
stages to consider when it comes to
how implementing conventions go across
a continuous integration pipeline.
So does anyone have any questions
regarding best practices or
wanna talk about challenges
they've had as far as either
trying to bring things up or
strategies they could use etc?
So I'll open the floor up for questions.
The question around best practices, what
are my thoughts as far as call it the CTL
just going, by the way,
we're gonna follow the Airbnb standard for
how they read JavaScript or the Google
one and that's what we're doing?
There's certainly nothing wrong with this,
right?
The obvious benefits of this is
you avoid the bike shedding and
you start with a convention
that is fairly popular and
most people probably
won't debate a lot about.
But when you're starting a new project,
I think with conventions, for
longevity of these sort of things,
I think it's important to give people
the emotional buy in, to understanding
why conventions are being chosen.
One of I think the biggest problem is we
see as the tech culture continues to grow
and develop, is a lot of developers often
follow principles without understanding
why they're doing it, right?
A great example of this is,
do not repeat yourself, right?
All my code needs to be dry, and so if I
have things I repeat across components,
that's wet code, we enjoy typing.
And so
then they'll contort themselves to try and
figure out how to make their
code as dry as humanly possible.
When again, this would most likely
probably fall into that 80% for
probably not even 20% of impact, it's a
principle that then the develop waste time
trying to figure out this also means that
ultimately it's okay that we repeat.
But if you don't understand why we're
doing these things, and when it's
appropriate to do these things, this is
where I think we lose context over time.
And so don't get me wrong, it's always
good to start with a standard, and
when you're onboarding developers to
the standard, I think it's important for
them to at least start to understand
the key things about certain standards so
that they basically have that
connection to what's happening.
Because overtime, right?
We talked about this
conventions will change, and
the requirements of each
teams will change as well.
So, if as an organization our
goal is to grow our engineers and
to grow as a department,
this means we need them to be able to make
basically good decisions on
behalf of the department.
And not simply just take marching orders
from the top down which is understandably,
it's quick and gets the job done,
but I think ultimately, having those
discussions, again it's not necessarily
that in your example where we're saying,
let's tear apart Airbnb standards and
pick which one we want.
That can be a huge waste
of engineering time and
even arguably impossible
across a large department.
But what we can do is that, when you
start with a standard, for example,
when you use Vue CLI you might've noticed,
or you might not have noticed,
that inside of our packets are Jason.
They're actually our IES lint plugins,
like for the essential rules,
that we basically like
recommend that you follow.
And so to this point, it is good to have
a starting point because for example,
there are certain things that are more or
less agreed upon conventions
across the industry.
And so starting with there's nothing wrong
but then going forward as you bring on
new people and have those discussions,
it's important to us,
as long as they're given the opportunity
to question those things, right?
And then have those discussions in a safe
environment, not necessarily with the CTO,
for example, but
with their team lead, like,
I noticed that we don't have this rule for
this thing.
I know that Airbnb doesn't do this,
but why can't this be improved upon?
As long as those discussions
are allowed to happen,
I think that is the key to ensuring
that over time, you have the long term
benefit of having conventions
while also growing your engineers.
Okay, so the question here is around if
you use JSX there are linting tools to
help with accessibility?
I don't have any on top of my head
immediately for non-JSX within the Vue
ecosystem but I would not be surprised
if someone has already created that.
And if they haven't,
definitely would be a very popular one for
sure so, yeah, so, unfortunately,
I don't know any off the top of my head.
But checkout again, I don't have
an encyclopedia of knowledge of the entire
ecosystem, but I do think that there
are a lot of people in the ecosystem that
are very passionate about accessibility
and who are leading the charge on this.
Real Amado is one of like our key
accessibility leads in the community
,and so
if you check out the Vue three guidelines,
there is like an accessibility section in
our docs now dedicated to these things.
So if you all are having
questions around these things or
think that this tool would better enhance
our experience as Vue developers,
I absolutely recommend either opening
an issue on the docks or something so
we can start having those discussions and
figuring out a way to better
help everyone across the world.
So earlier we had a question
regarding an eslint plugin to Vue,
that helps to basically lint for
accessibility things.
So shout out to Patrick for
finding this during the break, and so yes,
there is a eslint view ally
plugin as you can see here,
that you'll be able to install and
configure.
And as you can see here,
there's a lot of base supported rules for
different accessibility things, and
definitely be sure to check it out.
Also, this is a GitHub repo as well,
I'll go ahead to make
sure those are included inside of
the repo as far as resources go,
as we've been going through,
throughout the day.
And so yes, big shout out to Patrick for
finding that,
I know a lot of people will benefit
from having this as part of their app.